like, state abbreviations, I keep using that as an example, but, and maybe there's reference data codes that are already coming out of the legacy system that we have, but like, yeah, what's the sorts of truth for those and what we can do for now, especially if the codes are static, you know, or don't change often, we can just ingest them via just a CSV or something like he was just showing. So, and we can basically, that'll make it available to ingestion and then we'll also publish those codes to the API side. So like when they're doing stuff on the UI, they'll use the same code sets. It's just, our big question mark right now is what reference data do we need and where do we get it from? So reference data comes from the list and the value tables overall. Yeah, but where did those come from? I mean, they're just like whatever we decide to configure in the system. Correct. Okay. Yeah. I guess like even like medical codes and stuff that we need to, like they're being put in the system manually or are we getting those from like a list from somewhere? I think it, well, it's, I don't think there's like one answer here. So like first off, medical codes, we're not gonna store medical codes, but... As like a large, some kind of data set that somebody wouldn't normally just manually. Well, like taxonomy. Yeah, yeah, taxonomy codes. There we go, Matt. Go ahead. No, you're good. But like each reference data list, right? Like each list will have a different source. Some will be industry standard, some will not. Perfect example is like MADI, we jinxed on taxonomy, Matt was being coffee or something a little more potent in the afternoon maybe. But that is industry standard taxonomy published by the Uniform Claims Committee, and we can get that. Whereas think of something like a comment type, right? That could be anything in the world, right? That's just like us taking a stance on, oh, maybe they'll want to write a comment type of enrollment note or something like that where it's like truly kind of business specific where... Configuration data. Exactly. So like we can take a stance on that stuff, but in the end, we know the customers may also have values that they need to recognize for their business. So it really is like a mixed bag of what we can find there. And we've tried to do our best, but I think actually what we were expecting is this was going to be a good demonstration from ingestion of where we find fallout and what we need to expand on. Yep, exactly. So it sounds like for now, we can just plan on just manually loading. It's not like we're going to have a connector hooked up to something to pull in like reference codes that are constantly getting updated. We'll have like a static set of reference and configuration data that we're going to load the system with, it sounds like. Well, static is the right word. It can change over time, and the different tenants have the ability to deactivate or add to some of those reference data. Yeah, maybe I maybe I misspoke. Not static in the sense that it would never change, but like it's not a living, breathing, like we have to take an action to change that stuff. Like maybe we ingest it from wherever the source was coming from and then we republish with the new reference data sets or something like that, you know what I mean? Yeah, and I mean ultimately like what would be awesome, and Matt, feel free to chime in obviously here, but like as we see reference, like records falling out because of reference data, let us look off of what that reference data is that's causing the fallout to see if maybe at some point we can have more of a mechanism to adjust our reference data more quickly based off of the ingested data coming in rather than it having to be such a manual process of like, exactly, that would be ideal, obviously not for MVP, but that's where, like Matt was saying, like taxonomy, going back to that example, do they change often? No, but what is it, Matt, like twice a year or something like that? Yeah. So we can even grab the files and manually upload like we're showing here for now. Until we get something more sophisticated. This seems like it'll work for now. Yeah, and it's almost like, where industry sourced, it's almost like we could take a stance, again, going back to taxonomy, of like if it's coming, new values coming off that file, we'd almost want to blind load them into reference data, whereas specific to taxonomy, right, where if it was something like you saw like those different identifier types coming from Blue Cross Blue Shield or something like that, well, that's like more of a, we got to look at that a little bit. So it's almost like it would depend on the source of the reference data too. Yeah. Yeah, I think that answers that question. So thank you. Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Thanks. So yeah, so this is the architecture level. So we maybe we like update once we get a clear picture while we're implementing on this. It's not a big update, it will be a very small one. So coming to the reference table, like this is a reference table we are going to create like as we said, you can say a CSV file or any sources. So we are going to create these are the schema which we have. So like as mentioned, like if new issuer coming and we can make it the world owner as active and we can implement the type 2 and CDC as well. So this is where we can fetch the correct data for the right issuer and we can add multiple issuer on this one. So this is the table framework how we are going to create this one. And this is a summary of like whatever you highlighted in this file. And we noticed one thing like this color code, we filtered out all the color codes here. But this group NPI, we don't have any color code for the filtered out. So those question I have added in this sheet as well. So here you can see all the some of the example data. So once you clicked, you can able to see the complete that reference data file. This will be downloaded and you can able to see the exact data what you have shared us. If any modification, you can just send us like these are the modifications and we can able to recreate, we can analyze and we will able to try to ingest the data from there. So, yeah. So I see an issue. Can you go back to the reference data mapping table that you created? Okay. This one. No, the actual like the RD underscore ID table that you were showing. Yeah, reference table tab. Yeah. Yeah, this is the one. Yeah. No, right. Like the definition of it. You had the definition. Yeah, go to the reference table tab there at the top. Yeah, this one. And then the table, like columns and the type and everything. Yeah, right there. Right. So for this, you don't have an ID type. Like, I, give me one second, let me figure out. You don't have a mapping to the ID Xref, like identifier type, right? How are you doing that? Only we are doing with the issuer name only. Right, but that doesn't necessarily map to an ID type. Like, for instance, in that table, can you go, if you bring up the, yeah, here. The last, sorry, the one where you had the other identifier to analysis summary. Where you took the Excel that I had given you and you, basically with the color, yeah, this is fine, this is great. So on this, can you, other identifier, like, can you filter on the yellows? Yep. So in this case, let me scroll down a little bit. Oh, here we go. CLIA, right? C-L-I-A. Good. CLIA ID number. And then if you scroll up a little bit, we have CLIA number sign 979. We have CLIA number on 607. These are all the same identifier, right? Like, CLIA is one thing, but because this is free-form text that's coming in, they have like four or five things that will map to one identifier type in our system. It's not going to be an exact match necessarily between what's on this file and the ID type that we have in our system. Got it. And so it gives you...

part --2 

The ID xref table, they're all mapped to probably something that says CLIA ID as the type. So not only do you need the table, but you also, in the case of the ID xref table, which holds many ID types, you probably also need the type that it's mapping to. And I think we did briefly discuss crosswalks, and I think that's going to have to be some kind of general feature that we can provide and then tag certain fields and maybe either have a way to provide a static list of things that we can reduce from and to, or we have something that's a little bit smarter that looks for certain patterns and stuff for maybe regex, something like that. But, you know, we'll figure that out where it needs to go, but I wouldn't point that out as something we need to explicitly do on specific columns. Like, we'll have a mechanism in place to, like, speak in... Yeah, it needs to be a... You're right. It's really any time, or it can happen almost anywhere, right? Right. It could happen on anything that links to our reference data, right? Where, you know, if it links to reference data and there's a slight variation, and we don't always want to update reference data, and a lot of times we don't, and like, especially when we start to look at this across multiple, like, we're just talking about Enfas right now. But eventually as we start to ingest more sources, it's unlikely that every source will talk about the same piece of reference data the same way. You know, exactly. And so, like, basically by the time you get to our golden table, which is basically our canonical reference, like, right now it kind of mimics what Enfas looks like because we just have that source. But that's going to continue to grow into more of a shape of, like, what we think that provider data should look like, right? And as part of that, everything gets reduced into, you know, whatever our standard set of reference data is. So, you know, bronze and silver might have, you know, specific things that haven't been crosswalked into our, you know, canonical form. But that's basically by the time you get to gold and then into the app itself, like, you shouldn't have to deal with any of these, you know, numbers slash number signs, you know, everything will be right. Right. Okay. So, but yeah, in the case of the ID, the ID xref table, right? There's two things on that ID xref table. It's the table itself, and then there's also, what is it, the ID type level ID is the column name there. And so, you need to map to both in the case where it's mapping to the ID xref table, is all I'm getting at. So, either you want to, if you want to reduce first, great, like, get all of those to say CLIA ID, and then map CLIA ID to the correct ID in our system, or, you know, map all of them to the correct ID in our system individually. Yeah, we'll figure that out. Yeah, we'll figure that out internally. But, yeah, we have to take a stance on where we're doing that and where it makes the most sense. Yeah. But, okay. Thanks. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I make a note of it and we'll get back to you on that. Okay. Yeah. What else? Yeah, you had some questions. Yep, okay. Yeah, so these are the six target tables so far we have it as per the identifier based on the issuers. So, we created six tables here. And so, based on, this is the question section, so we collectively added all the questions here. So, I will share this HTML file, so please go through it. So, each of them having the real example with NPI ID, what we have in the Enfas file. So, what is the full question we added here. And so, this is related to most of the table, it's based on the RD list value. And so, those information also added here. And just give us the answer in this box. And if any questions from once you answered here, so if... Yeah. Okay. So, once you complete all the questions, and you can just export this HTML file and share to us. So, back to us, we can, if any questions from our end, we also just send a follow-up from here. So, we'll use this HTML file, so continue with this one and close this other. Like a working document with examples to help you navigate the questions. So, hopefully that helps. Yeah. So, we added a small example with our real source file, so that would be helpful I believe. So, once you click on it, this email will open and you can just attach and send us back. So, we'll review and answer it. So, if any follow-up questions also, yeah, any additional question if you want to ask, you can just add it here from here. So, we will look into that one also. And obviously we can meet, it's just hard to find time and settle. Yeah. Will this persist or is it... I'm sorry? Will we add questions to this? Does it persist? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, it won't refresh. So, once you exported the same HTML file when you send to us, and when we are opening, this stored in our browser itself. No issues. Yeah, you just have to hit the export, I think. Yeah, this export. Or we're just sending different versions of the file back and forth. Yeah, yeah. So, it will keep on response. And in between, if you want to export CSV also, you can export it from here. So, all the question and answer threads and everything you will get it in CSV as well. Okay, that's fine. We have time to look through these because, again, it might take some time to get through the examples. So, okay. Yeah, that's it from. Thanks. So, we're hoping that this makes it easier to understand the questions because we're given the reference data with the questions. So, once we have these answered, that will help us fill out the rest of the other names stuff and kind of wrap that up for. Yeah. And if you have questions on this math, feel free to ping me or, you know, we can set up another call in the morning. Like I said, I know the rest of this week was kind of filled up, so. Okay. And was there something in the demo that you wanted to, I mean, I know you showed, you dropped the one, some of the issuers that we didn't have, right? Yeah. So, I believe those should be goes into this x-reference table, I believe, so which are not matching one. So, those questions also added in there. Yeah, based on the list value, we added some of the issuers also. Yeah, I think the list that you're looking for in that case is, oh, ID type. It's all ID type, there's only one value in there now, so we do have to put more in. But, yeah, we can do that. Yeah, thanks, Kim. Thanks, Mark. Yeah. All right.

part -- 3

It depends on what state. But yeah, when we get to those, we can start to expand upon that. We do try and keep it to the easier ones to begin with. They're also some of the ones with better data, so it just kind of lined up that way. Yeah, I did see that there's more information out there on this feature, so thank you. Yeah. And then, yeah, I think that we do want to get there eventually, right, where we can. But we do also need a way to, especially when we get into rosters, yeah, there needs to be a way to drop a file somewhere because we'll be getting them sent from, like, the client, and then we'll be able to grab those. So they must be on, like, a public site. Yeah, this should be, again, like, thankfully we have Warden Azure, we have this repository that we can drop files. We'll just need some kind of interface to provide a way to dump it and then have some standard way to label it so it knows what to do with it. Yeah, that makes sense. So I missed that last piece though. It wasn't that, I think, Hamid, when you were walking through that pipeline and getting that file from NSET, so that mechanism is already in place, or did I misunderstand that? No, we started implement it, but internally we discussed, like, so once we hear from you, then we can start implement it. So that is the idea we have earlier. Okay. Okay. Yeah, we were trying to prove out that we could actually do it, and so it seems to work. Okay. Honestly, the only, I mean, it's a government employee that puts up that file, so it might not always go up at the same time on the 8th every month, so just making sure we check until we find a good file. Yeah. And one quick question, and this is much more general, but I know, Mark, when we had talked, we talked maybe at the end of this sprint, we could get some data in our demo environment. Do you think that's still a possibility? Yeah, we're, after this is sprint done, there's another ticket that I'm going to be working on, so we're trying to get that loaded in here next week. Okay. But we want to make sure you have it before the 16th, right? Yes. Yes, that'd be great because we want to use that as part of the demo. Okay. That is the plan. I'll let you know if anything changes, but it shouldn't be a problem, so. Okay. All right, thanks. And then I guess I have, I'll have to figure out who I talk to about getting a new, I'm not sure the last time code was promoted in our demo environment, so we'll have to do that too, so we can at least get some of the modals or something like that. Yeah, that should have been done last week. Awesome. Okay. Thank you. All righty. Yeah, so we'll send you the sheet and then take a look at it, see if work through those questions, send them back, and then if we need to meet again, we can meet again, otherwise we'll run with whatever you guys provide to us. Okay. Right. Thank you all. Thanks, meet. Thanks.

